---
layout: page
title: Robocon Hong Kong Contest 2019
description: 3rd runner up, Best Engineering Award
img: assets/img/project/fyp2019/cover.gif
importance: 500
category: proj
related_publications: false
---

<div class="caption">
    The <a href="http://www.roboconhk.com/2019/results.html">Robocon Hong Kong Contest 2019</a> served as a preliminary round of <a href="http://aburobocon2019.mnb.mn/en">ABU Robocon 2019</a> in Hong Kong, with a shared theme and game rules.
    It provided a platform for participants to showcase their innovative technology, teamwork, and problem-solving skills.
    In this project, I was responsible for <b>designing the perception and control system</b> of the autonomous robot that has to move only on four legs, like a horse.
</div>

<div class="row row-cols-2">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/robots.png" width="100%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/ropes.png" width="100%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="caption">
    The robot is required to carry the token and move across several obstacles (a step, two tripping ropes, and the slope region) to automatically reach the final goal.
    Our robot is able to walk at 1.2m/s and climbs a 15-degree slope.
</div>

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/video/project/fyp2019/vid_1.mp4" width="100%" title="demo" class="video-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" controls=true loop=true autoplay=true muted=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/slope.png" width="100%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="caption">
    The robot jumps more than 20cm high and 0.5m forward, ensuring strong obstacle surmounting ability to finish the game task.
</div>

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/jump.png" width="100%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include video.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/video/project/fyp2019/vid_2.mp4" width="100%" title="demo" class="video-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" controls=true loop=true autoplay=true muted=true %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="caption">
    The robot adopts 4 parallel manipulators as its legs and uses 8 brushless motors drived by 8 VESC motor controllers.
    The locomotion and perception system runs on a central STM32 MCU which communicates with VESCs through CAN bus.
    We adopt the spring loaded inverted pendulum dynamic model to control the robot.
</div>

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/design.png" width="75%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
</div>

<div class="caption">
    Our team (Crimson at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) won 3rd runner up and the Best Engineering Award. 
</div>

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/project/fyp2019/award.png" width="100%" title="demo" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1 mx-auto d-block" %}
    </div>
</div>

